Add missing docs for filebeat.registry.migrate_file (#11237)
elastic/beats: filebeat/docs/filebeat-general-options.asciidoc

down processing. Setting `registry.flush` to a value >0s reduces write operations,
helping Filebeat process more events.

[float]
==== `registry.migrate_file`

> Prior to Filebeat 7.0 the registry is stored in a singe file. When you upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Filebeat 7.0 the registry is stored in a single file. When you upgrade
```

to 7.0, Filebeat will automatically migrate the old Filebeat 6.x registry file
to use the new directory format. Filebeat looks for the file in the location
specified by `filebeat.registry.path`. If you changed the path while upgrading,
set `filebeat.registry.migrate_file` to point to the old registry file.

[source,yaml]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
filebeat.registry.path: ${path.data}/registry
filebeat.registry.migrate_file: /path/to/old/registry_file
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> The file will be moved to it's new location only if the new registry using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry will be migrated to the new location only if a registry using the
```

> directory format does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory format does not already exist.
```

down processing. Setting `registry.flush` to a value >0s reduces write operations,
helping Filebeat process more events.

[float]
==== `registry.migrate_file`

> Prior to Filebeat 7.0 the registry is stored in one file only. On startup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Filebeat 7.0 the registry is stored in a singe file. When you upgrade
```

> Filebeat will automatically migrate the old Filebeat 6.x registry file to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to 7.0, Filebeat will automatically migrate the old Filebeat 6.x registry file
```

> new directory based registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use the new directory format. Filebeat looks for the file in the location
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specified by `filebeat.registry.path`. If you changed the path while upgrading,
```

> By default the file location to migrate from is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set `filebeat.registry.migrate_file` to point to the old registry file.
```

> assumed to be given by `filebeat.registry.path`, but in case the path has been

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> changed when upgrading one can use `filebeat.registry.migrate_file`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

[source,yaml]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
filebeat.registry.path: ${path.data}/registry
filebeat.registry.migrate_file: /path/to/old/registry_file
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Filebeat will use `filebeat.registry.migrate_file` only if the regisry does not

Reviewer: This is a little ambiguous. Are you saying that the file will only be migrated if a registry that uses the directory format does not yet exist?

Author: Yes. When migrating, the old registry file will be moved into it's new location.
